[Music]
where'd you come from
hey come back here
[Music]
[Applause]
there you go yeah hey boy hey I was some
rescue I never expected to see you again
just like this one ate a lot of smoke
yeah I need some help like you could use
a rest too come on let's go boy
Charlie keep it going it will you the
water bombers should be coming to in a
couple of minutes I gotta get some help
for these little fellers
that's good
or a crying shame it'll take 30 years to
regrow this forest well at least he got
it under control it could have been a
lot worse
I suppose so the forest wasn't the only
thing that died in that fire
a lot of animals lost their lives to
these little Cubs got away lucky yeah
thanks to smoke here
smoke that's the way he appeared out of
a cloud of smoke what else could I call
him well thank you
Crestview ranger station call well
speaking yes mrs. Spivey
yeah yes uh-huh yeah onto your house
what what kind of creatures misses
finding your what the wild creatures
yeah I see I see
oh uh miss pi d miss bye V you calm down
and I'll be there as soon as I can oh
yes ma'am yep
goodbye creatures under her house that's
what the lady says here's your ferocious
creature missus buy these come on fella
[Music]
oh stop it go away
what's going on
go Hey your dog turned on me smoke
[Music]
looks like my dog saved you from a nasty
accident mr. Spivey why would you have
this thing out here in your yard you
know how we've been plagued by animals
ever since the fire mr. Rucker down at
the feed and grain he's urging us all to
buy these traps Rooker to protect
yourselves mr. Spivey those animals are
coming to town looking for food because
it would burn out of their homes they
didn't start the fire I'm gonna have a
talk with mr. Rooker come on smokey
there you go over just lay some of these
out in their barn sprinkle some of this
poison around the feed bins now this
stuff will work on varmints a lot bigger
than rats you know
[Music]
I got poison all around this place
vomits father Minos they're just use it
along with the traps Vernon you're not
going to use these things right or she's
gonna use them but there are other ways
of handling this problem now you listen
to me Caldwell folks are fed up with
this invasion crops being eaten chicken
houses raided can't even turn their
children loose in their own yards
anymore
Rooker a man started that fire someone
walked off and let the live campfire
that destroyed these animals homes show
they're hungry they're looking for
shelter and we've got enough problems
without your straps making more of them
the way I see it something threatens
your livelihood you wipe it out you know
lover wild lessons you know I can stop
you from doing this oh this ain't no
public park you got no authority here
you're just a ranger now why don't you
clear out of here before I throw you out
Rooker I'm warning you warning me what
[Music]
I'm gonna have this big catch you manga
we're taking care of then I'll be back
[Music]
it's okay okay no one's going to hurt
you take care you know this could be the
mother those Cubs he found one smoke
safe I was thinking the same thing
well she's got Cubs somewhere even if
she's not their mother should be ready
to nurse them we should be all right
oh yes sinners are par heals so those
Cubs will have a chance to grow up in
the wild after all and that's the way it
should be you know I don't know what's
gotten into people killing off animals
like they were swatting flies right
can't you do something I'm not the lost
Susan but I can do some things by Lady
Anne there's a protected species which
gives me the authority to impound all
those traps
Rooker's been selling be careful ray
I'll go out of business if I don't stop
those coyotes from raiding my henhouse
they got six of my layers again last
night
them coyotes are pretty smart traps
might not do the job just to be sure why
don't you come back and let me sell you
some rat poison it's a little bad with
about a pound of hamburger it'll kill a
dozen coyotes all right okay you wait
here nine days
[Music]
[Applause]
what is it smoke
[Music]
back here again Caldwell
always in this Rooker come on baby it's
madness what's that all over your face
my god that meat was poison we better
get him over to dr. Johnson's fast let's
go wait the docs gone down to the city
won't be back till Thursday
God will be happy my boy I swear I
haven't got time for this let's take him
over to Susan come on Susan she's a fish
chicken call the doctor in Pottsville he
can tell her what to do come on
[Music]
I've done all that doctor but I'm afraid
he's going into shock
isn't this some kind of an adult we can
improvise no I don't stalk down the cat
prom I'm afraid to move him doctor he's
too weak and his temperatures too high
can't you come here there's no good the
Pottsville bridge was burned out it'll
take him hours to get around it
wait a minute ray Caldwell series says
the bridge is out let me talk to him dr.
Lewis I have a smoke jumping plane here
we used to patrol the fire area if you
could meet me at the Pottsville airstrip
I could fly you back here you're right
right doc I'm on my way ray is there
something I can do yeah you can't make
it all your traps and poison before
somebody else gets hurt
[Music]
I can't tell you how sorry I am I wish i
I've got nothing to say to you karakurt
I'll never forgive you for this if
anything happens today BIA
[Music]
building up I don't like it
the storm commenced my sock did
I just hoping it land when we get there
[Music]
I can't even see the airstrip what can
we do the only other place is about ten
miles out they might make it there but
there wouldn't be any kind of vehicle to
go the rest of the way child needs that
antidote the hurry
[Music]
now can you fly a plane goodness no no
I've only been up a few times in my life
what the parachute the rear you'll be
landed I could jump in the attitude
sorry
[Music]
doc take over the controls I just hold
it nice and steady
hey airspeed indicating here is your
throttle just keep it above 70 up here's
your heading that you cop a squat nine
zero
take it easy time is your runners right
left foot just hope
nice and steady what are you going to do
we just got ourselves a volunteer
[Music]
all right doc all the nice and setting a
trolley
[Music]
you know boy I could swear you've done
this before alright now remember what I
told you
okay
goodnight
[Music]
[Applause]
wait I don't know how you did it but am
I glad you're here
good dog good dog
[Music]
I think you'll be okay
[Applause]
yes ray what yes he got here Davey's
awake he looks much better where are you
I'm back at the Pottsville airstrip I'll
take off as soon as the weather clears
okay but take your time I want you here
in one piece don't worry I'll take it
easy
[Music]
[Applause]
well I'm very glad to hear that count
thank you very much no I appreciate it
right a good bike help okay
yeah he's brought in all his traps if he
hasn't sold anymore poison Esther how
the Cubs doing they're fine they'll be
strong enough to go back to the woods as
soon as mom as well you know ma'am we
make a pretty good team you about ready
to consider a more permanent arrangement
[Music]
you know you're really something right
yeah me and old smoke smoke smoke you
know I think he's gone same way he came
out of a cloud of smoke
goodbye smoke
you
[Music]
what they want you for a boy murder will
be got a dog timer my mama didn't raise
no fools you do it yeah well I think
what we ought to do is go back and get
to get the sheriff in his hand Oh get
him in no time